docs: Add docker approach guide for dev setup (#1010)
starknet-io/starknet.js: CONTRIBUTING.md

npm test --watch
```

> By default the tests are executed in your local Devnet. If you want to use a specific

Author: @tabaktoni @ivpavici We can also remove this completely and just rely on the docker approach. By doing that, we do not confuse the contributor with other options that can easily break

export TEST_ACCOUNT_PRIVATE_KEY=0x02a80000000000000000000000001754438a
```

The global variables above will only be valid for some of the tests.
The recommended and more straightforward approach is to go with the docker.
You just need to do the following steps:

> - Install the [docker](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/mac-install/) (You can install it via `brew` or some other package manager)
> - Run the `docker` on your machine (Open the application).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) (it can also be installed via a package manager, e.g. `brew` for Mac)
- Run `Docker` on your machine (open the application).
```
